Here, you can see the Clothing class that I was just talking about.
It looks a lot like
the Shirt and Pants class that you quoted at the beginning of the lesson.
The Shirt and Pants classes inherit from the Clothing class,
that's why the class declaration of Shirt and Pants have Clothing in parentheses.
This tells Python that the Shirt class and Pants class should
inherit all of the attributes and functions of the Clothing class.
Looking inside the Shirt's init method,
there's this new syntax where clothing.init gets called.
All that means is that a Shirt object
initializes itself using the Clothing's init method.
Then, you can add any extra attributes like
the long or short attribute in the Shirt class or waist in the Pants class.
You could also extend the Shirt or Pants class by adding more methods.
To give an example, I could add a double price method just to the Shirt class.
You could also override any of the Clothing methods.
For example, the Pants class is overriding the calculate_discount method.
Remember, one of the main benefits of inheritance is that
you can add attributes and methods to the Clothing class,
and then both the Shirt and Pants class will have those attributes and methods as well.
Study all of this is code to get used to the syntax of inheritance.